# What are Intelligence Agents?

 Jacques Ferber defines an agent as, " a physical or virtual entity that can act, perceive its environment (in a partial way) and communicate with others,is autonomous and has skills to achieve its goals and tendencies." In other words, an agent is usually given a set of tasks that it should solve. Those tasks are given in an environment that changes. The agent in question should adapt to those new changes. The agent's result should change when the environment changes. One agent is just a agent on a system. Where as if the system contains more than one agent the system is referred to as a "Multi-agent system"(MAS). An example I can give would be AI helpers such as Alexa and Siri. They are idle workers when no requests are given. When they receive a request, they use natural language processing and internet data to give feedback. Self driving cars are another example of intelligence agents as they use GPS software to pick routes. They also can adapt to traffic as the traffic happens. This section we will be discussing the different levels of intelligence that agents have. We will also make a small single agent system in python.

# Environments for Agents:

Agents are measured by their performance in the environment they were built for. Thus, there are a multitude of criteria a environment can be judged on. Agents are evaluated by how well they are able to manage the several pieces of their their environment. How the environment is described depends on how it fairs with five categories. We will first look at accessibility.

### Accessibility
How accessible a agent is depends on its sensory apparatus. So accessibility is graded on how well the agent's sensors evaluate the environment. An agent that is built for all aspects of it's environment means the environment is very accessible. You can look at accessibility as how well the agent interprets the environment. A human example of evaluating accessibility lies within Northwestern running-backs. Northwestern recruiters are known for picking a running-back that thinks before they run. Meaning, Northwestern running-backs are know for path finding. The way the runner evaluates their path is based on how well they deal with the data they are given. The recruiters look for how well the runner observes the field. Thus, a vital piece to a Northwestern running back is based on how well the runner deals with their sensory feedback. Thus, Northwestern recruiters look for a runner that is very accessible to the field. The best players that are accessible judge their environment quickly. Agents are judged on accessibility in the same sense. An agent's accessibility also depends on speed. The better the agent's sensors fair in a environment the more accessible the environment.

### Determinism
Determinism describes is how complex the environment is for the agent. A deterministic and accessible environment means that there is very little uncertainty. As in, there is very space for random events to occur. Designing an agent for a highly deterministic and accessible environments are much easier than the latter. Linear video games are a great example of highly deterministic environments. The word linear refers to the domino effect of events that are planned out. So, designing AI for these kinds of games tends to be easier than a game that is open ended. When the developers know for a fact that the player will enter a room with a very similar level of progression; the AI has a much smaller set of scenarios to prepare for. Unlike if the game was open ended. Open ended games have a level of randomness to them. A player can enter a level at anytime. Thus, the AI must be ready for all scenarios that could occur. Although, open ended games aren't the best counter example because the set of events no matter how random is still finite. A better example of a non-deterministic environment is the stock market. Anything in the human world can happen. Any agent, no matter how smart, will not be prepared for a Donald Trump tweet.

### Episodic
